Update varnish.md (#1739)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/services/varnish.md

* `/logs`: returns a streaming response of `varnishlog`

Note that because of the circular relationship issue noted above this cannot be done on the application that Varnish is forwarding to.  It will need to be run on a separate application container.

To access the Varnish endpoint:

> - Connect to your cluster [using ssh](https://docs.platform.sh/development/ssh.html) or through the CLI `platform ssh -p <project id>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect to your cluster [using ssh](/development/ssh.md) or through the CLI `platform ssh -p <project id>`,
```

> - Display the [Platform Relationships](https://docs.platform.sh/configuration/app/relationships.html) with `echo $PLATFORM_RELATIONSHIPS | base64 -d | jq '.'`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the [relationships array](/configuration/app/relationships.md) with `echo $PLATFORM_RELATIONSHIPS | base64 -d | jq '.'`,
```

> - Query Varnish with for e.g. `curl varnishstats.internal:8081/stats` to access the statistics directly. Port and url may need to be adapted based on the output of the `varnish` platform relationship (previous step).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Query Varnish with `curl varnishstats.internal:8081/stats`, for example, to access the statistics directly. Be sure to update the request according to the name of the relationship.
```
